readme.md, before:

# Instant Messaging Simulation

## Prerequisites
### Container runtime
Use [crun](https://github.com/containers/crun) to run containers deamon-less for less memory footprint.
```bash
wget https://github.com/containers/crun/releases/download/1.20/crun-1.20-linux-amd64
sudo mv crun-1.20-linux-amd64 /usr/bin/crun
sudo chmod +x /usr/bin/crun
```

Add or replace `daemon.json` to enable use of `crun` runtime.
```bash
mv daemon.json /etc/docker/
```

This repository depends on tshark which can be found in most package managers such as apt. 
```bash
apt install tshark
```
You need to change your permisisons such that you are part of the wireshark group
```bash
sudo usermod -a -G wireshark $USER
```
It is probably not ideal to be part of this group long-term so you might want to remove yourself from the group when you are done with this repositoty

## Commands

### Create certificates
Create the certificates used by clients and server before building
```bash
cd cmd/signal-sim/cert/
./generate_cert.sh
```

### Run signal protocol simulation
Run a simulation with N clients
```bash
make signal
```

### Stop simulation
Stop all running containers
```bash
make stop
```

### Reset
Stop running containers and remove network IMvlan
```bash
make reset
```

Commit message:

Parameter tuning and DenIM sim (#9)
* Random commit

* Added IP addresses to user log

* DenIM simulation fully works now

* Fixed bursting

* Implemented random messages for sim

* Implemented easy to use functions for SimUser generation

* Added documentation and examples

* Changed simulator sleeps to milliseconds

* Hotfix: Deniable responses did not make bursts

* Fixed makefile changes

* Final commit, trust

* Updated go mod

* Bursting bug fixed

* Implemented comments

readme.md, after:

# Instant Messaging Simulation

## Prerequisites
This repository depends on tshark which can be found in most package managers such as apt. 
```bash
apt install tshark
```
You need to change the permisisons for your user such that it is part of the wireshark group as outlined in the [wireshark readme](https://gitlab.com/wireshark/wireshark/-/raw/master/packaging/debian/README.Debian). You may need to restart your machine for the change in group permissions to take effect. 
```bash
sudo usermod -a -G wireshark $USER
```
It is probably not ideal to be part of this group long-term so you might want to remove yourself from the group when you are done with this repository.

### Container runtime
Use [crun](https://github.com/containers/crun) to run containers deamon-less for less memory footprint.
```bash
wget https://github.com/containers/crun/releases/download/1.20/crun-1.20-linux-amd64
sudo mv crun-1.20-linux-amd64 /usr/bin/crun
sudo chmod +x /usr/bin/crun
```

Add or replace `daemon.json` to enable use of `crun` runtime.
```bash
mv daemon.json /etc/docker/
```

## Commands

### Create certificates
Create the certificates used by clients and server before building
```bash
cd cmd/signal-sim/cert/
./generate_cert.sh
```

### Run Signal protocol simulation
Run a Signal simulation with N clients
```bash
make signal
```

### Run DenIM protocol simulation
Run a DenIM simulation with N clients
```bash
make signal
```

### Stop simulation
Stop all running containers
```bash
make stop
```

### Reset
Stop running containers and remove network IMvlan
```bash
make reset
```
